==Features to Come==
  * Refactoring - Completely refactored ActionScript service classes. This includes creating custom event classes for dispatching upon completed requests, and using URLLoader and URLRequest for the services instead of HTTPService. This will allow more flexibility with the service classes for easy implementation on further resources.
  * One Step - Generated applications will be a one click process. After choosing the application name, copywrite, etc. One click of a button will have that application created with all necessary files for both server and client side.
  * SDK Compiling - Once generated, Flex applications will be compiled using the Flex SDK, using its path specified in the settings page. This will let users see a working example of there application within seconds of pressing generate. 
  * Table relationships - Database with tables that have relationships such as has-one, has-many, belongs-to, etc.
  * Schema uploads - Recreating applications to make the necessary changes to reflect upon the database will be as easy as changing values in the schema.xml file. Then uploading that file for code creation.



Complex HTML based generator that will create full application shells on the fly, 
all from a configuration file located in the output folder of the project.

The CodeGen creates all necessary files for getting the base of an application started with easy access to the database, 
for all database operations.

All code is generated from a schema.xml file that holds the applications databases schema. 

Any changes to the database or tables or fields usually would required a developer to go through the classes they made 
for that table or database and make the correct changes reflecting the new changes. 

But with the CodeGen all one would need to do is run the generator again and the newly updated tables will be re-written 
in the schema.xml file thus generating new php classes for the CRUD operations, therefore your application never runs out of sync.

Every file is generated from a template which is included in the download, you can change the templates, just be sure to 
look over the template key at the top of the file.

Also I guarantee this to be a full CRUD application on your MySQL database.

Most generators aren't reliable or either working out of the box right from being generated, so I was just like screw that, 
I am going to make this, just because I hate copy and pasting my old scripts time and time again just to do the same thing.

The features that it generates:

  # Flex validation on all table columns that are required.
  # Flex Data Grid listing all of the records in the database.
  # Flex Form that lets you view the details of the selected record, and editing or creating of a new record.